Terms and Conditions

Last updated: November 03, 2021
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.

----
Definitions

For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:

- Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to NotFab.
- Service refers to the Website or the Discord Bot.
- Terms and Conditions (also referred as "Terms" or "ToS") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire 
agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service.
- Third-party Service means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided 
by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.
- PYE refers to the https://pye.lindseybot.net/ service.
- You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which 
such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

----
Acknowledgment

These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates 
between You and the Company. Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and 
compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others 
who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.

You represent that you are over the age of 13. The Company does not permit those under 14 to use the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with 
the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the 
collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website 
and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. 

Our privacy policy is available at https://pye.lindseybot.net/PYE.

----
Third-Party Policies

PYE utilizes the Youtube API, a third-party service provided by Google. By using PYE you agree to Youtube's terms of service and 
privacy policy.

Youtube's terms are available on https://www.youtube.com/t/terms

----
Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, 
incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, 
loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way 
related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, 
or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the 
possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.

----
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer

The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the 
maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and 
their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or 
otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular 
purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage 
or trade practice.

----
Governing Law

The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. At the discretion of the Company.

Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

----
Disputes Resolution

If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.

----
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:

By visiting our Discord server: https://discord.gg/zJ4PpK8
